WHAT CAUSES ME TO AFRAID OF MYSELF WITH LIMITED KNOWLEDGE.

1. My Weekness is "Eat all in one go for digestion"

Prepare less for exam / interview, because after inteview you should have more energy and patience to go/proof further. 
In detail if you have prepared tough for the interview and there is no energy to continue futher preparation, you are finished to reach at the real destination because there is another interview to proof the previous succeeded interview to continue further.

Ex. If you got a job with good salary, you have to prove your ability for that salary until concern persons are satisfied with your resposibility/work/job.

Ex. When you feel tied after one round of interview is succeded with one company, After 1 hour  for another company there is no energy to prepare and speak on samething.  Everybody should be carefull to keep and save energy till life is with you to reach at real goal.

Ex. Don't run/cover full distance at a time with full energy while stepping mountain, otherwise you will become tied to reach at Tirupati Main Temple. Soln: give interval or pause.

Ex. Suggestion: After interview never sleep / never lose energy / do excersise in reverse order to stop the mind energy consuption / divert the mind from the work for sometime by taking a deep breath until the previous repeating conversation erased from mind. Then slowly start studying samething for another round.




2. My Weekness is "Continious Tendency to finish task one go for job responsibilty"

While studing / working on a positive thing continiously must have to give break within to check the progress. Otherwise when little energy reduced most of time the postive work converts/diverts to boring stuff, if the "continious tendency" is there in body to finish the job in one go, boring stuff will work same way like the normal job -> at day end boring stuff is the output --> there is no output to speak to the boss ---> falls to negative feedback of the boss.


"Continious Tendency:" works when you are a robot / mind already preapred before steps to do in the job with clarity or accuracy.
"Continious Tendency" of speaking/listening should be same like Modiji Speech like Tortise walk.
"Continious Tendency" of work is not acceptable, pause/break is required to drift the movement faster when nothing planned or clear.


3. My brain stops functioning while conflict happen with multi-task.
While doing something, suddenly some fault happened at critical time, my brain not able to decide what to do with conflict of thoughts(like do or die feeling in mind). My Suggestion: Change the mind asap by force, think there is no conflict, feel it already happened, move aside from there, come back with solution as you have to do it, no body initiated it or know it.

Ex. Power cutting in house warming (Laxmi Apa Dumduma). Since I was the assigned/responsible for the electic switch. My mind is blank, everybody is there in room on electicity.

*Ex. Sometime I was asked how much progressed by the boss in company, that time my mind is in conflict to speak. Since I started without knowledge, I dont no what to speak and where I am in middle of some experiment.
My suggestion to trace yourself keep some words, fundamental steps with you to commit to the manager that you are reading/researching on same concept somewhere. such as keep  "time lines" / "some number" so that manger will not come to conflict.



4. How to solve the complex problem in mind doenot have any picture, when you are asked surpsingly about something.
   
   Soln: Binary Search works on devide and conquer principle.
   
   Ex. Like Devide the work in sub work and sub-work devide in to sub-sub-work, come in revese to the image by joing the sub-work to work from memory.
   
   Ex. Devide the large sentence into sub sentences, finally sub sentences in an order become a understandable paragraph of images

   Ex. Devide images in to sub-images in brain, then combine sub-mages into image to get it stored in the mind if you have pictorisation issue in memory due spped of working.

5. How to resolve the issues with voice pitch , spped of speaking?
   Soln: analyse all recodings
